PRINTMON is a printer device monitor, that allows, for example,
GhostScript to be used as the back end of a PostScript PM printer
queue. However, other applications are possible, such as sending the
output of a printer queue over some kind of network or dialup
connection, using an appropriately written forwarding program.

If printmon is used together with GhostScript, GS can process the jobs
of the monitored PostScript printing queue and send the output to your
real printer, such as a LaserJet or any other printer supported by GS
that is not capable of interpreting PostScript directly. 

This allows you to print transparently using PostScript from any
application in your system without having to print to files and to
call GhostScript manually. 

Ideally, such a setup is installed on a LAN server which can then
export the PostScript queue processed by GhostScript to any LAN
clients. Then the clients don't have to worry (or even know) that
there is no *real* PostScript printer on the net but a "dumb" one
driven by GhostScript.

A sample use of printmon with GhostScript is demonstrated in
gsmon.cmd.

As you can see, the source code (printmon.c) is remarkably simple.
However, it uses the 16-bit device monitor API (DosMon), that is not
available in a 32-bit variant (similar to Kbd, Vio and Mou). But the
API can be accessed with gcc using the interface definition in mon16.*
for emx 0.8h and above. Printmon can also be compiled with MS C 6.00,
in this case the DosMon API is available directly.

The program requires the EMX runtime DLL's, get the latest emxrt.zip
which contains it. 

This program is freeware. The author is not responsible in any way for
any problem caused by it, even if the program is used correctly.

Kai Uwe Rommel
rommel@ars.muc.de
